com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBindingImpl.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBindingImpl
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityLoginBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/CustomMarkerBinding.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.CustomMarkerBinding
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityAdminBinding.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityAdminBinding
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/DeviceidItemBinding.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.DeviceidItemBinding
com/vuedata/assettracking/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.DataBindingTriggerClass
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityAdminBindingImpl.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityAdminBindingImpl
com/vuedata/assettracking/BR.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.BR
com/vuedata/assettracking/BuildConfig.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.BuildConfig
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityListOfDeviceBindingImpl.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityListOfDeviceBindingImpl
com/vuedata/assettracking/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.vuedata.assettracking.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.vuedata.assettracking.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityDeleteDeviceIdBindingImpl.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityDeleteDeviceIdBindingImpl
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityConfirmSignInBinding.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityConfirmSignInBinding
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityTrackSingleDeviceBindingImpl.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityTrackSingleDeviceBindingImpl
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityConfirmSignInBindingImpl.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityConfirmSignInBindingImpl
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityTrackSingleDeviceBinding.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityTrackSingleDeviceBinding
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityListOfDeviceBinding.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityListOfDeviceBinding
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBinding.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBinding
com/vuedata/assettracking/databinding/ActivityDeleteDeviceIdBinding.java
 com.vuedata.assettracking.databinding.ActivityDeleteDeviceIdBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
